Updated min and target SDKs and removed redundant conditional execution paths. (#3478)
windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit: readme.md

| Microsoft.Toolkit.Uwp.DeveloperTools | XAML user controls and services to help developer building their app | 

## <a name="supported"></a> Features

> The [Features list](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs/blob/master/docs/toc.md#controls) refers to all the currently available features that can be found in the Windows Community Toolkit. Most features should work with the April 2018 Update SDK 17134 and above; however, refer to specific documentation on each feature for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Features list](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/WindowsCommunityToolkitDocs/blob/master/docs/toc.md#controls) refers to all the currently available features that can be found in the Windows Community Toolkit. Most features should work with the October 2018 Update (1809) SDK 17763 and above; however, refer to specific documentation on each feature for more information.
```

We're updating to 1809 not 1803. 🙂
